It says it's scheduled. I put it live. It says "Live 20."Okay, here it goes.
Yeah, I have one mic. Hello, everybody who's watching. Two people watching.
Oh, somebody said hi. Hi, okay. Well, this is where we are. Did everybody just see that?
It just happened. They tried to take him out. I told everybody you should probably wait until more people come in.
Keep going. Is there more? Yep. All right, your chat's full; you're good.
Hello, everybody, how are you doing? I can't believe it. Well, there's part of it.
You know, whenever the Lord had me last night interceding for President Trump, He said, "Brandon, they will do it today.
You must intercede."And I was up all night praying for him. I was interceding—I mean, it was heavy intercession.
And He told me, He said, "The prophecy that you gave about the ear will come to pass."And the bullet grazed his ear; it busted his ear, just like I told everybody.
I saw blood flowing down his face, and the Lord said he would be spared.
When this happens, he would become radically born again because the Lord spared his life today, and he would become baptized in the Holy Ghost, radically saved by the power of God.
I'm telling you, a great revival is coming to America. This is another example of God's hand on 45. We've seen it; it just happened!
This is exactly what I prophesied, and it manifested even to the earlobe, that they missed him and it grazed his ear and busted his eardrum. I'm telling you all, God's hand in mercy is on this nation.
There are still going to be some hard days ahead, y'all, but I'm telling you a massive revival is about to break forth in this land, and we're going to see one of the greatest harvests of souls this world has ever seen before.
Like I said, I don't try to focus on all the doom and gloom. People think I do and that I come on and prophesy about all the doom and gloom all the time.
I come on here to tell you about what Jesus is going to do, too.
Yeah, I warn you; I'm a watchman. That's my job. I warn you about what's coming.
I warn you about the wealth transfer, I warn you about the dollar collapse, I warn you about a lot of things.
This is another example of one of the things I told you all: to pray for him, to intercede for him, and that the angels would bear him up in their hands lest he dash his foot against a stone, that no weapon formed against him would prosper.
I intercede every single day for things that the Lord gives me.
He warns me about things, and He tells me, "Brandon, this is coming. You've got to pray for the volcano in Italy.
You've got to warn those people,"because I told you I saw a tsunami wave coming into the shore, and I saw hundreds of thousands of people perishing because of the tsunami wave coming in.
I've warned everybody about that, and now those volcanoes are coming up and it's happening right now.
The major one has not happened, but I believe, like I said, y'all, we have authority.
I don't come on here and tell you all this stuff and just drop these things like a fortune teller.
I'm trying to tell you this so we can intercede and stop the plans of the enemy. We have authority to stop the devil in his tracks.
If you realize, when I come on here and I tell you all what the Lord's doing and He says, "Hey, Brandon, I want you to go on there and warn the people what the enemy is trying to do,"we have 50,000 people watching.
How many people are watching the video and praying? If one Abraham stood in the gap for Sodom and Gomorrah, the Lord was willing to spare it.
He was interceding and interceding, and look at what happened.
He kept coming back and saying, "Listen, I'm willing to spare the city if there be ten righteous,"whatever.
And then here we are, we have 50,000 people watching a video, and they're praying for peace and for protection.
As a watchman—you know, like here I am, a watchman—I'm standing up on the wall and I'm saying, "Look, there's a storm coming."I warn everybody down below from the wall and say, "Listen."And then everybody over there is preparing and praying and believing God for protection for President Trump and praying for America.
Look at what we can do if we join together as one and we pray together as one and we intercede as one and we say, "No, devil, thus far and no further.
You will not touch these people. You will not touch our children.
You will not touch our loved ones."I believe there's power in unity and prayer.
I believe with all my heart for these last days, Jesus is joining up a great army of believers that will stand in the gap for America, that will stand in the gap for the nations.
The next thing the Lord warned me about was to pray for the Olympics.
I warned you all to pray for the Olympics, pray for the aquatic center, pray for a green train coming out of Germany.
There are so many things that the Lord has given me. Pray for the baseball fields.
I warned you all to pray for the baseball fields because of drones coming in.
I warned you to pray for these things because the enemy has plans, and if we can spoil his tactics and spoil his plans, then we win. We don't want these things to come to pass.
Today was an example of prayer and intercession, that Jesus came through and the blood of the Lord protected President Trump today.
I believe God's not done with him and that there is a plan for him to bring a fix, basically. Remember I told you this?
I said that the dollar would crash and that he would have to create a new currency that would be Canada, Mexico, and America all together creating one currency.
He would take pieces—and this is interesting because the way the Lord showed me, it was like a ship that was falling apart, and he took the pieces of the ship and made a new rocket ship.
But he took this piece and that piece and that piece, but it didn't look like it would fly.
The ship looked like it was all busted and messed up and it was in pieces, but he took each piece by the wisdom of the Lord, because the Lord said, "I will anoint him with wisdom like Solomon."And I saw him take these pieces, all of these pieces, and he put them all together and made a weird-looking plane, and it took off again.
But it was a struggle. And the Lord told me, He said, "I will create a new thing. I'm going to do a new thing.
It won't be as great as what it was, son, but it will fly again."So I believe He was referring to America. I believe there are things that the Lord...
like I told you about the oak trees, there are four oak trees, and the Lord said there'd be four—I believe in my spirit it was four years—and the storm came on suddenly.
And I've warned you all about the holiday season with the holly berry bush—the holly berry, the tree with the berries—and the Lord said it would be about the wintertime, and to pray over the wintertime.
And the angel came to me and he told me about the investments and about the cryptocurrencies and about things like that, and that there would be a wealth laid up for the righteous, a transfer of wealth from the wicked laid up for the just, and it would happen.
And the people that are listening—it would not happen for everybody because not everybody is listening, not everybody wants it—but I believe the people who are hungry and that know that they need to support the Kingdom in the last days.
It takes people that are givers, paymasters, people that will give in the last days to help fund the Gospel. We need that because we have to be the salt.
We have to be the people that are the head and not the tail, above and not beneath, and we'll go through and not go under.
I believe that this is the hour that we stand out, that we take authority, we take our dominion, and we do what we're supposed to do.
Jesus uses us in these last days to bring in the greatest harvest of souls.
Most people say, "Well, it'll happen after the Rapture of the church."No, I'm believing before.
I believe that God will do something huge right before the catching away, and then we'll have victory after the catching away.
God is not a God that loses; He's a God that's victorious in every area.
He is a God that is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think. He is not a defeated God; He is a victorious God.
And He is abiding in us, so how much more should we be victorious because we have the victory inside of us?
Greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world. Just think about that.
If He's inside of us, we should be walking, having victory, too.
We shouldn't be busted and disgusted. Are they asking questions or something?
They don't know what happened to Trump? Oh, they tried to kill him today.
Just a little bit ago, the prophecy that I gave—that his eardrum would bust and that they would shoot and miss and they would grazed his ear and his eardrum would bust—it happened.
If anybody goes and Googles it right now, he was at a campaign rally and they just tried to assassinate him.
I tried to warn everybody that this was coming. I gave this exact word.
I even told you the ear that they would miss, and I said it busted his eardrum and I saw blood flowing down his face.
This is exactly what I saw at a Trump rally. It just happened!
That's why I'm going live to tell you that prophecy was fulfilled.
The Lord spared his life, ladies and gentlemen. Go Google it, it's all over the news.
It's happening right now. They just tried to take him out. I'm trying to tell you all, God is on the throne and there are big things happening.
But yes, the dollar will crash. Yes, there's going to be hard times for some people because you're not listening.
Jesus is coming. I'm trying to warn you all, Jesus is coming. There's a great economic shaking about to take place.
Like I said, seen trade wars coming; I saw trade wars with China; I saw trade wars with all kinds of things.
I have to be very careful because I'm live and I'm sure you know, because I can't edit all this stuff, they'll try to pull me down. But I want to tell you all that there's a storm coming.
At the same time, there's a glorious outpouring and there will be a great shaking, and there will be a mighty move of God's presence on His church.
It's not all doom and gloom, but yet you need to know both sides.
I can't sit here and sugarcoat everything and tell you all everything's going to be great.
No, there's going to be hard times for some people if you're not listening to Him and being prepared for what's coming.
But there is a great move of God coming, too. I believe with all my heart...
I'm sorry, my daughter's in the back, y'all. Of course, you all know Megan's overcoming.
But I just wanted to come on here today and tell you, look at what the Lord did. God did it!
He protected President Trump, and I believe with all my heart good days are still yet to happen.
But wow, it shook me. Even like I said, the blood flowed down his face just like I saw in the vision.
And the Lord said, "Intercede."That's why I said I prayed all night, and the Lord told me today, He said, "You must pray, for it will happen today."And I said, "Yes, Lord, I will intercede."And that's why I'm calling you to pray.
I'm calling you to pray, y'all. Do you understand? That's why I'm here.
I'm not here for entertainment. I'm on here to warn you and to tell you Jesus is coming. I'm warning you, Jesus is coming. Do you understand?
This is not a time to shrink back and to crawl in your fraidy-hole; it's a time to be bold and be about the Father's business, being a watchman and standing strong and saying, "As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord."I will serve the Lord with all my heart until the day I go home to be with Him, either by the graveside or by the Rapture of the church.
I will stand for what Jesus told me to stand for, and we will proclaim that He is coming soon and that He loves you. Jesus loves you and He has a plan for your life.
He has a plan to prosper you and to heal you and to make you whole and to make you well—mentally, spiritually, physically, financially—all of it.
I just wanted to come on here and tell you all... I post these old videos and I'm trying to stir up the algorithm on them because I'm trying to warn the masses that Jesus is coming.
I had somebody else send me a flag of the old Afghanistan flag, and it matches identical to what the Lord showed me about the Antichrist flag; it's just altered a little bit.
Somebody sent me an email and I thought it was amazing because I was like, "Are you kidding me?"But they took the flag down back in—it was 2000 in the Northern Alliance, Afghanistan.
So it's just amazing because I'm like, "Wow, Lord, look at that."But it had five stars above it, and I try to tell everybody about the five stars; it means the five pillars of Islam.
I believe there's a lot to this. Regardless of what y'all want to believe, I was standing there at the Temple Mount with Jesus Christ, out of my body, in the future.
He came and He got me. That may sound crazy to some, but I'm telling you Jesus still visits His people today, and He visits me.
I'm trying to tell you all, He warns His people of what's to come and He's trying to shake the church and tell them, "Wake up, wake up, wake up!
Your redemption's drawing nigh."I just want to pray for...
they're talking about the power grid. Yes, you've got to pray over that.
Even whenever I told you all about the power grid, to pray and intercede over this, it would be a three-week period. I saw three weeks for some cities.
I saw Houston, and you know, like I said, when you're seeing over in the spirit and you're praying—like I have these visions and the Lord shows me things—when I'm praying a lot of times, you can add to it, and you'll be like, "What is this going to be?"It could have been the hurricane.
But the Lord warned me that there would be people without power.
Even in Houston—I told you all, Houston. It'll be Atlanta soon; I've prayed over Atlanta.
I've prayed over Pennsylvania, Chicago, New York. And those are the major cities that I saw with power problems coming.